In Nehemiah's day, the Jews joyfully embarked on a massive building project.
With Jehovah's direction and help, they were able to finish the work in just 52 days.
You look like you've been working.
During the production of the film, Nehemiah, the joy of Jehovah is your stronghold.
The walls of Jerusalem were built once again, but this time at Mount Ebo Studios in Brewster, New York.
A variety of skills were needed to produce this drama.
With many volunteers coming together using their time, energy and abilities to create an accurate teaching tool.
And they found great joy in their work.
Good planning was needed right at the start of production.
Every day began with a scriptural discussion and prayer.
The costume and makeup departments prepared the actors to appear on set.
Assistance was provided to help actors feel more comfortable in front of the cameras.
Brothers, please, have they tacked anyone yet?
No, but they will.
While the production team was filming in one studio, sets were being prepared on another.
To add to the realism, detailed props were made, many using 3D printing.
With all of these researched and crafted costumes, sets and props combined,
environments were designed to accurately recreate the time period.
But even more was needed to convey what it was like to live in Jerusalem during Nehemiah's day.
For example, there were many animals on set.
Even after principal filming was completed, sets built in the studio were extended using advanced visual effects.
Digital construction work was done by the visual effects team.
Yes, building is a legacy of God's people.
Nehemiah was one of many who throughout history devoted their energies to supporting the work of building.
In a similar way, the production team that made Nehemiah the joy of Jehovah is your stronghold,
joyfully worked hard to produce a film that helps build love and appreciation in the hearts of God's people.